Student Training in Engineering Program (STEP) Intern (Jun 2025)
Location details
On-site

    United Kingdom

    United Kingdom

        England

        London

Location

London

Opportunity expired
Opportunity details

Opportunity typeInternship, Clerkship or Placement
Application open dateApply by 25 Oct 2024

    Start dateStart date 29 Jun 2025

Your role

Responsibilities:

    Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world challenges.
    Complete a challenging technical project with a team of Googlers and other STEP interns.
    Enhance your coding by using new tools and programming languages.
    Attend training sessions to build your professional skills and to help set you up for success.
    You will be matched with a Google engineer to mentor you throughout the internship.

About you

Minimum qualifications:

    Currently enrolled and in your first or second year of a Bachelor's degree, or combined Master's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field in the EMEA region.
    Available for a full-time 12-week internship from 30th June to 26th September 2025.
    Programming experience in either Java, C++, or Python.

Preferred qualifications:

    Returning to a full-time Bachelor’s degree for at least two years after completing the internship.
    Experience in programming outside of your university course.
    Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.

Benefits

For a full-time employee, the following benefits apply:

    Health and wellness
    Financial wellbeing
    Flexibility and time off
    Family support and care
    Community and personal development
    Googley extras

Training & development

Many aspiring computer scientists could benefit from a program that bridges the gap between academic study and a professional internship. The Student Training in Engineering Program (STEP) aims to do just that. The 12-week program allows students to work on a software project alongside another STEP intern, with the support of full-time Googlers and a mentor. You will also attend training to enhance your technical and professional skills.
Career progression

Internships at Google can be competitive and may serve as stepping stones for future opportunities. Whether or not a full-time position is offered likely depends on individual performance and the company's needs. If you perform well during the internship, you may have the opportunity to secure a full-time role upon completion.
How to apply

To start the application process, you will need an updated CV or resume and a current unofficial or official transcript in English. Click on the “Apply” button on this page and provide the required materials in the appropriate sections (PDFs preferred):

    In the “Resume Section:” attach an updated CV or resume
    In the “Education Section:” attach a current or recent unofficial or official transcript in English.
    Under “Degree Status,” select “Now attending” to upload a transcript.

Please include your expected graduation date (month and year), and availability for the internship on your resume. The specific team and project(s) will be determined based on your educational background, interests, and skills.

Participation in the Student Researcher Program requires that you be located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the duration of the engagement.
Sources

The following sources were used in researching this page:

    google.com/about/careers/applications/benefits/
    blog.google/inside-google/life-at-google/my-path-google/meet-business-intern-james-frater/
    youtube.com/@LifeatGoogle